	When writing code, I find it very important to keep my methods and code blocks tightly  organized and grouped together, so that it is clear where different functionality begins and ends. This allows me to quickly move back and forth through an application to find specific areas that I am currently working on. I also use very descriptive comments throughout the code so that it’s easier to understand the relationships between different methods and objects. The CRUD module that was built in this course can be used to manipulate data from any database that incorporates the Python language. The programmer merely needs to import the module into their application, authenticate, and then they are set up to create, read, update, and delete data entries.
	When encountering problems and road blocks in computer science, my general strategy is to get several different perspectives and possible solutions by doing research on the issue. I will read several different articles, or deconstruct a few solutions that others have arrived at, but I also look to tutorials frequently for assistance as well. 
	Computer scientists assist their clients and end users in bringing their digital ideas to life. They create and maintain all the technology that goes on behind the scenes of the current digital paradigm. This is extremely important, because a large sum of the population is not equipped with the skills to understand the science behind these technologies. They wouldn’t exist, or continue to function without computer scientists.
